Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Man...
It's been about 6 months now since I started uploading videos to YouTube
And also...
Thanks to you guys, I've come to have...
more than 500,000 subscribers on my channel!
I'm very excited but I don't plan on resting and I'll continue to work hard!
Today, I'll take the aptitude test to be a YouTuber!
Well, having worked so hard to get here...
It'd be strange that I wouldn't be able to overcome it
Perhaps it doesn't need to tell me since I already became a YouTuber?
If instead I get a result like: "You will become one of the most famous Youtubers"...
It'll make me very happy!
I want to get a good result
I'm not sure in what I need to work towards to get it...
But I intend to work hard!
Good, in that case, let's start at once!
The first I'll do is the following!
"Aptitude test to become a YouTuber"!
This is a page that determines how apt you are to become a YouTuber
Well, it's obvious that it'll say I'm more than apt for it
Like I said before, I've been doing this for 6 months...
So then surely, I'll obtain a 100% in aptitude! Right?
Although I could even get 120%, right?
Good, let's start right away!
"Please, respond honestly without thinking it too much"
I see
Here I go!
"A friend you haven't seen for a long time talks to you and tells you:
"Let's do something!"
A friend you haven't seen for a long time...
I want to have one!
Well, well, let's pretend I had one...
Ah, but I'm somewhat...
..busy, so then...
*I'd check my calendar / I'd say yes, whenever / I'd decline saying that I have plans in 2 or 3 more months from here*
Well, for now I will choose the option "I'd check my calendar"
"Finally, the moment of rest you have longed for arrived!"
*I would spend it sleeping / I'd go out with my partner / I would dedicate myself to my favorite hobby*
"I would dedicate myself to my favorite hobby"
Good
"In an interview on the street you are asked about the popular YouTuber"
"I'd answer if they censor my face"
"I'd say what I think"
"I'd refuse to respond by saying that I don't want to go on TV"
I see..
Well, I'd probably say what I think
After all, I should please the media immediately, right?
And now?
"How often do you send messages through Line to your partner with whom you have been dating for a while?"
Partner?
Partneeeeeer?
If it was about Moriya Akane-chan, then...
"You would send messages to them every day even if you had nothing important to say"
Yes!
"For the moment, you've decided to start a part time job"
"It's a difficult job but with a good fixed salary"
"A commission job"
"A job that pays a low salary per hour but you qualify"
What type of job would it be?
Is it like a job where you get put under a waterfall for 100 yen an hour?
(100 yen = Around 1 USD)
That's very little!
Mmm...
Then even though it's difficult...
If I want to make use of my time, I should choose the job with the good pay, right?
"You had a fight with your partner"
Oh boy!
"You talk with your partner to resolve the issue"
"You hope for it to resolve over time"
"For now, you ask for forgiveness"
Mmm...
Here definitely...
But it's troublesome, so then...
Wh-what should I choose?
Good, in this case, for now...
It's troublesome so I would ask for forgiveness
Yes!
"While you have tea in the cafeteria, the person who you most admire sits next to you"
Oh!
"You glance at them sideways"
"You ask what's their secret to their success"
"You talk to them and ask for an autograph"
I see..
In this case...
In particular, I consider myself...
Well...
Like a calm fan...
A calm and pure fan, at least that's what I think, but...
If I encounter them, then...
But glancing at them sideways would be too annoying...
And asking for an autograph is the same that all fans do, so then...
In this case, I'd ask them what's the secret to their success
Right?
Ah! I got the result!
The result is..?
Ooooooh!
Oh!
80% Aptitude level!
Well...
I got 20% less than what I expected, but...
I wasn't bad, right?
"You definitely have good taste"
"Yes"
"It's probable for you to follow the path of the YouTuber"
There's no other path for me!
I'm perfect, right?
Man, everyone...
What do you think?
I wonder what I'm missing to achieve the remaining 20%..
Is it money?
Good!
Next up is..
This!
"YouTuber Test!"
Unlike the previous test...
It seems that this page determines what YouTuber you look like...
Within those that are already famous..
Even though it's not necessary to see who I look like, right?
Look! After everything, I'm already a YouTuber
So I can only look like myself! Right?
Good, let's start at once!
"Start playing!"
*Bell sounds*
"You find yourself recording a video. What do you record?"
"A bath with Death Sauce"
(A very spicy sauce)
Ah! Wait, in this case!
I'd like to record prank videos...
Well...
Serious pranks..
I would like to do serious pranks
"You published a video!"
"For what purpose do you publish it?"
"To express your thoughts"
"To obtain money"
"To make people laugh"
"To become famous"
Between these options...
I suppose the closest option would be to become famous, right?
My objective is to become famous in order to connect to a lot of people
Yes, yes..
"You've finished recording and now you're editing the video"
"How do you edit it?"
"Giving it an aroma of danger"
*sniffing*
"Oriented to nature"
"Cut the unnecessary parts!"
Mmm...
Well, definitely I'd cut the unnecessary parts...
Since I want to show you just the fun parts, right?
"You record a video with a candle as the theme"
"How do you decide to do it?"
I see
"Ramen..."
*You attempt to cook ramen with the fire of a candle*
"...Turn off 100 in one attempt.."
*You attempt to turn off 100 in one attempt*
"You'd try to light 1000 candles" You'd make a fire!
"You'd try to eat the candle" That doesn't sound good, right?
"You'd try to enter a bath with candles"
"..Suspended on your body"
*You'd attempt to leave 100 candles suspended on your body*
That's very masochistic!
Mmm...
Between these options...
What I'd like to attempt is...
Cook the ramen...
I'd like to attempt it, but...
This option...
"You'd attempt to eat the candle" is something human beings can't do, right?
Well, I can't eat either, but...
In my case, it wouldn't cause damage to my body...
So then I could do it
"You record a video with food as the theme"
"How do you do it?"
"You intend to eat only ramen for three days"
Hmm?
This doesn't look very fun..
"You intend to make a pizza"
Mmm...
"You'd try to mix all the food of Mc D***"
Ah, this is poison! Poison!
This is poison (?)
I didn't want to say "Poison"!
But "Potion"!
A potion!
A potion! A potion!
"You attempt to eat meat while it's being cooked"
Does it refer to eating it while it's on fire?
"You attempt to make a prank with a takoyaki with very spicy sauce"
Oooh..
"You ate 10 kilos of okonomiyaki"
"Ate?"
"You attempt to eat..."
Mmm...
You attempt to eat meat while it's being cooked
"Your video caught fire"
*inhales*
"What do you do?"
"You make a video asking for forgiveness"
"You get angry"
"You cry"
"You ignore it"
"You try to hide it by laughing"
"You make the video again"
If I were to make the video again...
It'd probably burn again, so...
Even though crying...
Ah, maybe it's referring to crying in front of everyone like the politician Nonomura Ryutaro?
Ignoring is a bit...
Among these options...
I will choose to be completely and furiously angry
Exasperatedly!
"You make a video with 100 fans"
"What do you do?"
"You play wrestling with 100 fans"
"You perform live for 100 people"
"You play hide and seek with 100 people"
"Boxing 100 against 1" That's harassment, right?
"A banquet for 100 people"
"Couple race with 100 people"
Mmm...
The option that sounds the most fun is hide and seek..
The couple race already...
Is performed with 30 people...
Or with 31 people..?
That was already done in television, so then...
The option of performing live doesn't convince me...
And playing wrestling is a bit uncomfortable..
And the boxing is harassment..
Hide and seek!
De, de, de, de, de, de, de, de, de, de, deeeee~
"You look like 'Mahoto'"
"Particularly because you're adorable but a bit violent"
Who are they talking about?
What do you think?
If you're interested in knowing your results, don't hesitate to play too!
In that case, we'll see each other in the next video! Bye bye~!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex and Myi
Hello, I'm Watanabe Mahoto!
Why!?
I'm not Watanabe Mahoto!!